for cheap and reliable coins check out
fifa ultimate team coins com is the
discount code the m45 present discount
what's up everyone welcome back to
another episode of Ronaldinho's return
last episode being amazing now we are on
I think a three to four winning streak
this is a team that we still currently
have for all those people who are new a
lot of people have come from road to
show and Matt HD game is channel so I
just want to welcome you to my channel I
do all sorts of stuff like these series
expensive series etc pack openings and
he's we're not gonna make any changes
even though we got quite a bit of coins
from the last episode maybe 56 k we're
just gonna go into it because I don't
want to upgrade to quickly ronaldinho
how do you feel ahead of tonight's game
I feel absolutely perfect fit I just
want to thank the whole fitness team and
my coach all my players around for
having the belief in supporting me and I
will continue to prove myself on the
pitch as always would you care to
predict what do you think the score
might be from tonight's game well I
don't usually do that but if I had to
guess I would say 21 to us maybe all
right here we go ladies and gentlemen or
mostly gentlemen let's get into this
first team we come up against gotta
watch out for that Carlos Tevez in Hague
Wayne I didn't want to upgrade
everything too quickly you know why
because this is all about getting to
division 1 and then you know getting
ranaut in your back into form like you
used to be and it's kind of like a nice
little backstory to it so if I keep
upgrading to quickly i'm gonna be on a
gold team before I know it and I like
the challenge of having a bronze team as
much as I can but I want to do it a bit
old school so I hope you guys understand
but next episode we will upgrade a few
players that's for sure we've also made
quite a few upgrades already from the
first two episodes I think three to four
gold so I think that's enough anyways
taking the lead one now look at that
lovely through-ball from ronaldinho the
main man the one who's trying to get
back into fine form managing this little
team around him who he has to try and
get into Division one basically and we
still get to upgrade and make some
transfers lovely go save their fantastic
save to be honest coming up against
quite a few goals now it's starting to
get a bit you know starting to feel the
pressure nice little ball roll from
rinaldin you're earning himself a
penalty in the 51st minute he's got a
tremendous record for me already on this
series and he's just always scoring a
goal again minimum to a hattrick there
he is putting that in this
51st minute a 52nd minute to nil comes
to bleed already this is what I love
about rinaldin you you know even though
his stats on the best in terms of his
overall rating sorry and he's a bit slow
but that's not the case of him he's
absolutely fantastic keeper is also you
know now then my keeper does his job
well but I think next episode we might
need to try and find a different keeper
to be honest but don't get me wrong he
does his job perfectly fine now and then
here's a nice little free kick from
ronaldinho but keeper was at full
stretch for that I think that was so I
don't know isn't who that was to be
honest but yeah he's been renowned
you're still yet to score a decent free
kick for me but nevertheless there's
still plenty of time for that to happen
he does test the keeper put him on full
stretch but ronaldinho is just
absolutely fine form here three nil in
the 76 minute they have the book yes
they've got a consolation goal back 31
not a bad result for us definitely
needing to take all three points did you
ever doubt that we're now then you would
be able to get back into form and play
like the way he used to at this day and
age well naturally at his age anyone
would kind of doubt that wouldn't they
but not me otherwise I would not have
given him a chance and right now I think
he has shocked the whole world bringing
back that fantastic display of skills as
he used to and always a game changer
what a player he always will be rinaldin
you what do you think is going to be the
outcome of tonight's game think we're
going to thrash them today in fact if I
score a hat-trick today I will go
parachuting today's I've been always
wanting to do that for a while now all
right guys welcome back to the second
game as you can see as you heard
ronaldinho scores a hat-trick and then
that's where the GTA comes in where we
will go parachuting I hope you guys
enjoy this little backstory but if you
want to continue if you want to continue
seeing this series all we got to do is
smash a thousand likes that's why I've
kind of been on and off with this series
because the views and likes haven't been
kicking in as much maybe because of
adding too much GTA I wanted to go with
more of a back story on this where for
example the last episode we were now
then he gets car jacked I was going to
do a whole side story where Rinaldi knee
was shopping or something and he sees
the people and he recognizes them
somehow and starts this little backstory
on GTA if you'd like to see more of that
all you got to do is mention on below
that you'd like to see more of that and
smash that like button for more support
but
to continue to try doing the series as
much as I can but anyways here we go
ronaldinho on the free kick unlucky
they're still you have to score his free
kick for me on the series to be honest
although he's on a fantastic record I
think we've played I think five games
already on this series or six games and
we have won all six not a single loss or
a draw on this series and that's why I
didn't want to upgrade the team so much
because I'm enjoying these bronze
players but I think from the next
episode you guys can also mention down
below who would you like me to upgrade
and I think I'm gonna go for maybe a
keeper and the striker or maybe a winger
but the frontline the two wing is in the
striker have been playing so well
they've got a fantastic record and you
somehow you know you defeat teams really
easily but now we are in division nine
closing in on division eight and
remember that rule where if we win an
entire division without losing we get to
bring in any Brazilian player of our
choice maybe Pele whoever but it's gonna
be a little difficult now that coin
selling or purchasing coins is hard but
we can still buy other players again for
me maurette cetera I'll have ways to put
that on here but I don't know about that
rule it starts in division 7 about that
but we'll have to see anyways rinaldin
is already on a hattrick making it four
goals for him while he's putting
absolutely amazing for me he's on like
six or seven games like I said and he's
got like already 14 or 13 goals it's
crazy he's just unbelievable he's still
a beast and a legend on this and I
really hope you guys enjoyed this series
don't forget to smash that like button
making it 5-1 around the keeper again
fantastic display from ronaldinho guess
we're going parachuting on GTA mentioned
down below if you like the whole
backstory
I've just gotten confirmation that
Rinaldi new is actually parachuting
right now as we speak